---
layout: post
title:  Journal entry
date:   2021-12-12 17:30:00
description: TBA
tags: poetry
giscus_comments: true
related_posts: true
---

<div class="poem">
<b>Journal entry</b><br><br>So I haven't been writing at all. I'm really sorry about that. I always think I'll do this at the end of the day, and when the end rolls around, I've achieved nothing the whole day, then I manage to get a little motivated and get some work done late night/early morning, then go to sleep incredibly late, wake up sleepy, and proceed to waste the day, and now it's close to 4 am again and I don't know how to stop, how do I break this cycle, I do not know. <br>An SoS deadline is approaching very fast, and I have done next to nothing, and then there are endsems the very next week and I'm so many lectures behind and I do not know how it is humanly possible for me to catch up, and then there are other things, other commitments which I have made, which I cannot bear to think about else I'll fall apart, if I'm being honest. <br><br>And to top it all off I've left you without an entry for weeks, maybe it's been a month, I don't know anymore. But I'm quite tired of how shit my life is going. I wish I could turn back time a few hours, sleep on time for once, make today successful. But now it's 4 and I will have to wake up sleepy and sweaty at 10 in the morning and will still be unable to get any shit done, and I do not know how I will be able to get anything done in these next few days. I do not know, if there is a magic solution give it to me.<br><br>Sorry. I needed to rant a bit, get some weight off my chest. It's been really frustrating, how my time seems to disappear into the air like wispy clouds, and then rain on me.  I'm tempted to rant again, but I've got enough shame to not say the same phrase "I do not know" too many times, not because I'm afraid of not knowing, mind you, but because it is a bit pathetic as an aspiring wordsmith. I often feel like my skill with words, and my vocabulary, is all really pathetic, I cannot write something good to save my life. And people say I write well, at times, when I show them stuff, but do I really? the problem is that aside from the fact that people are nice and over-praise me 'cause I'm a known person, I think they're praising the the work as a complete work for its merits, which my stuff does have some of, but they're not talking specifically about the wordsmith part, which is shit. I think it is shit. I think what they find nice they call nice, and that diverts attention from the fact that my skill with words is shit. <br><br>And I hope I can improve it, through practice, and thinking about it, and all that, but even if that hope keeps me from falling into despair, the lack of time I have will push me over a cliff anyways.<br><br>Oh hey, it's already 3:53, so now my plans to get something done before 4, go out of the door. I can cry or roar, but never will soar, because I'm stuck in this rut, and will be, forevermore.<br>That's a depressing bit of poetry. Though it might have some potential, but I've shared it here, so I imagine I can't use it on the group, else my identity will be revealed. Tbh I don't feel like I have a problem with that, but now I don't remember what all I've written in past entries, and I don't know what I want to hide and what I want to show. And sometimes it seems like I show too much already, but believe me, I'm hiding plenty. Including from myself. There's a lot even I don't know about me, and sometimes I feel like I'm lying to everyone and myself and it just doesn't stop.<br><br>Wait. Why should it stop?<br>It doesn't have to stop, shouldn't stop. I should stop.<br>And now I'm having a crisis over how much I lie to myself and am pathetic again, but<br>The point being, I gotta take responsibility, more if I have already been taking it.<br>I need to - or rather, now, I do admit, it was all my fault that my time vanished into thin air, because it didn't, it was my lack of focus and commitment and dedication that it all happened. <br>This also means I can fix it.<br>And I haven't been able to for days, weeks, months, years.<br>But<br>I stay alive with the hope that someday, I can fix it. Someday I will have a temporary breakthrough, and somedays I will make small but significant improvements, and someday I will have fixed it and be free.<br>And if I take that hope as gospel, then<br>Tomorrow, or even today, could be one of those days.<br>It won't be perfect. It can't be, too much has been wasted already.<br>But it can be something good. Or at least decent.<br>It isn't too hard to make it decent. I've had decent days before. Plenty of times. Sometimes when I most needed it, I pulled through. I did, didn't I?<br>So that means I can.<br>And maybe I won't be able to, today.<br>But I don't know about that.<br>And from what I do know, there's not much in the way of randomness which can truly stall my day, only cause minor problems and delays.<br>Mostly, it's been up to me, which I know precisely because mostly it's I who f's up. Or rather, "mostly I'm the one who f's up."<br>Which, again, means that I have control.<br>Which means that I can pull off a decent, maybe good, perhaps even an excellent day.<br>Not a perfect day, to be sure. And probably not an excellent one, considering my habits which have cemented.<br>But a man can hope. And a man can dream. And hey, I'm over 18, so I'm a man too, ain't I?<br>So I can, and I shall.<br>And I can try, so I shall.<br>And I can fail and fall and lose, today, tomorrow, and many more days, many more times.<br>But I can get up again, and so I shall.<br>Because where's the fun in not doing that?<br><br>That'll be all for today, goodnight, my friend! Thank you for being here, even if you don't read it. That was helpful.</div>