---
layout: post
title:  Chemistry Raps
date:   2023-06-04 17:30:00
description: TBA
tags: poetry
giscus_comments: true
related_posts: true
---

<div class="poem">
<b>Chemistry Raps</b><br><br>Week 1:<br><br>Up in the chilly Alps, Schrödinger had a brilliant flash,<br>Energy operator on the wave, result must match<br>The change with respect to time, into reduced Planck times i,<br>Born gave us the die, your wave functions normalise.<br>Separate the variables, we’ve got rid of time,<br>Particle in a box, we get constant into sine,<br>From the boundary conditions, discrete solutions arise,<br>The continuous world crumbled, now Physics is quantized.<br><br>Week 2:<br><br>Azimuthal’s limit, energy’s knob, principle is here<br>Hydrogenic’s allowed solutions, orbitals appear<br>Don’t forget the volume element for probability<br>Cuz the nucleus ain’t where it’s at that’s just the density<br>Now we plotting psi ‘gainst x and y<br>With lines for slope colours for height<br>Angular radial nodes arise<br>But what does cos theta imply<br>The orbital is dumbbell shaped <br>m zero’s psi on z rely<br>Linearly combine complex states<br>To obtain two p x and y<br><br>Week 3:<br><br>To get to hydrogen first solve for a rigid rotor<br>Cartesian fails later, we need spherical polar<br>Azimuthal part solved, periodicity quantises<br>Angular momentum’s orientation from M arises<br>To the first atom now, hamiltonian we separate<br>Centre of mass like free particle, internals gyrate<br>Relative to nucleus split up length and degree<br>Solve for moment of momentum, and quantum numbers three.<br><br>Week 4:<br><br>Multiple electron systems we will finally see,<br>But due to repulsion can’t solve SE analytically,<br>Into<br>Nuclear charge incorporate,<br>As a constant approximate,<br>Call it shielding, net wavefunction<br>A product of orbitals state.<br>Now that we’ve got the spatial stuff let us bring in the spin.<br>But the electron ain’t rotating, this zing is from within.<br><br>To get spin orbital with spatial wavefunction multiply,<br>Spin function, up or down, fourth quantum number will decide.<br>Two electrons indistinct, use linear combination trick.<br>Sixth postulate asks wavefunctions be antisymmetric.<br>Thus we get the Pauli principle and solution just one,<br>Written as determinant of Slater, hence ground state is done.<br>From same principles, triplet, singlet excited states evolve,<br>And now onwards to molecules, a new problem to solve.</div>