---
layout: post
title:  I'm a poet
date:   2023-05-14 17:30:00
description: TBA
tags: poetry
giscus_comments: true
related_posts: true
---

<div class="poem">
<b>I'm a poet</b><br><br>I’m a poet.<br>I take words and place them, delicately, harshly, as gravy, as garnish,<br>Onto a page, a text, a document,<br>And call it art. Maybe it is, who am I to say?<br>But all I do is say, things, thoughts, stuff, and much more, <br>And then I take some and I place them, calmly, vehemently, as soup, as spices,<br>Into some words I find worthy to convey them, or not<br>Into some lines I spend time trying to make rhyme, or not<br>Into a theme I deem consistent and fitting, or not<br>And then off it’s sent, for the world to see - or not.<br><br>I’m a poet.<br>I write, a little, a lot, flooded with words or in droughts of thoughts,<br>I write, for myself, mostly, for others, at times,<br>On dreamy nights, in midday shine,<br>In majestic moments, and inopportune times,<br>Mostly the latter - the dark invites the muses divine.<br><br>I’m a poet.<br>I say a lot but know not what it means, I’m quite ignorant of meanings, what does it even mean<br>To be a poet?<br>I act like it means, like my poems act like they mean, something,<br>I say it like it’s my identity, to be under this little-meaning label, making little-meaning verses,<br>To be in this box that’s been drawn, which I adjust to make me fit,<br>But then, I do say a lot. Things, thoughts, stuff. <br><br>I’m a poet.<br>I try to use language as more than just to speak,<br>I weave, from words a text which has more meaning than speaking could seek to reach,<br>And yet speaks, to you and to me and to thoughts I can’t meet,<br>I do not know if it means nearly as much as I want it to mean,<br>But I strive to give meaning, I make it mean.<br>So I know not what being a poet means,<br>But maybe someday, I’ll make it mean, and make my poems mean, something.<br><br></div>