---
layout: post
title:  Message
date:   2023-09-16 17:30:00
description: TBA
tags: poetry
giscus_comments: true
related_posts: true
---

<div class="poem">
<b>Message</b><br><br>Heyo Nis,<br>I’m sorry for being quite a bit late with this, but I wanted to put it into words properly. And what better way to have an addendum for a journal than with a bookmark? So here goes nothing.<br>You’re one of the most fantastic friends I’ve ever had. I had inkling from my first few hours on the EP group that I’d like to get to know you, and Imma call it, I was right. I’ve loved talking to you, about Physics and Haikyuu and Poetry and so much more, and also talking to you about nothing at all, or even not talking, just walking along in silence - you’ve made many moments delightful marvellous, moments and minutes and measures much longer (Rehmat rehearsing repetition for alliterative Aneesh :D ).<br><br>You’re a great person to be around. Your smile lights up the room, and your happiness is so infectious it’s got Covid beat. And you’re incredibly caring - you’re there for your friends with reassuring words and comforting hugs, and you’ve been there for me more times than I can count, through good times and bad times and painful times. You’ve been like a rock, reliable and steadfast, keeping my craziness and carelessness in line, and you’ve helped me climb much higher than I could’ve alone. <br><br><br>You’ve made the last one and a half years a fabulous time,<br>Here’s to dessert hopping and …<br><br></div>